Statement of Ekiya Koshy, daughter of late Shri K. Koshy, aged 49 years, residing at 65/32, Tak Circle, Nashik, currently staying in Delhi for personal work.

I, the deponent, state that on 01-10-2024, I was returning from a routine visit to the industrial area near the old factory zone. It was approximately 15:35 hours—or perhaps it was slightly earlier, around 15:10, I am not entirely certain as I was distracted by a phone call—when I noticed a commotion near the gates of the abandoned industrial unit. I was walking towards my own vehicle when I observed two individuals standing near a motorcycle. The motorcycle was white in color, a heavy machine, and I recall seeing the digits 8890 on the plate, though the rest of the registration details were obscured by mud or grime.

I saw a young man standing there, whom I later heard being addressed as 'Sahib' by a woman who arrived shortly thereafter in a separate vehicle. I am not good with faces, but I believe the young man was thin, perhaps in his early twenties, and he seemed quite agitated. The woman, who looked much older, appeared to be directing him to move some heavy sacks into the factory premises. I remember thinking it was strange to see such activity in that abandoned area. I think I heard her mention the name 'Jagat' or perhaps she was calling out to someone nearby, but I cannot be sure. 

The woman was speaking on a mobile phone—a number ending in 3654, if I recall correctly—and she seemed quite authoritative. The young man, the one they called Sahib, kept looking over his shoulder as if he were expecting someone. I felt uncomfortable and decided to leave the area quickly. As I was walking away, I think I noticed another lady, slightly younger, standing near a sedan of a dark color, but the light was poor, and I might be mistaken about the make of that car.

I am not sure if they saw me, but the way they stopped talking immediately made me feel uneasy. I am just a bystander who happened to be in the wrong place at the wrong time. I have told the police everything I remember, though the details are somewhat hazy due to the shock of seeing them load those suspicious items. I confirm that this statement has been read over to me in a language I understand and the contents are true to the best of my knowledge.

(Signed)
Ekiya Koshy

Recorded by me,
Investigating Officer
Dated: 02-10-2024
Delhi Police Station