Statement of Witness Gopal Kara, s/o late Sh. Ramesh Kara, r/o H.No. 418, Vyas Circle, Naihati, aged 28 years.

I, the undersigned, state that on the evening of 24-06-2026, I was present near the parking area of the District Hospital, Lucknow. I had gone there to visit a distant relative who was admitted in the trauma ward. I finished my visit and was heading toward my white Royal Enfield, bearing a registration plate ending in 8890, around 10:20 PM, as best as I can recall. The hospital premises were relatively quiet, though there was a bit of commotion near the emergency exit gate.

While I was putting on my helmet, I noticed a blue hatchback, possibly a Tata model, parked haphazardly near the corner. I couldn’t clearly see the full registration, but I remember it started with RJ and had 9788 at the end. I felt something was odd because the vehicle lights were switched off, yet the engine seemed to be running. I think I saw two men standing near the driver’s side door. One of them, whom I later heard someone refer to as "Manthan," was speaking quite aggressively on his mobile phone. I couldn’t catch the exact words, but he seemed agitated, gesturing with his hands toward the hospital entrance.

I’m not entirely certain, but I believe the second man, who was a bit shorter and wore a dark jacket, was pacing back and forth near the rear tire. The lighting in that corner was quite poor. As I started my motorcycle, the man named Manthan looked in my direction, and I immediately felt uncomfortable, so I turned my head away and pulled out onto the main road. I am not 100% sure, but I think I heard a woman’s muffled scream coming from inside the vehicle, or perhaps it was just the sound of the hospital corridor echoes; I was in a hurry to leave and didn't stop to investigate further.

I have never seen these people before in my life, though the face of the taller man is somewhat familiar now that I have seen the photos in the papers. Everything happened very fast. I am just a common bystander, and I’m afraid I might be misremembering the exact time—it could have been closer to 10:05 PM rather than 10:20 PM. I am telling the truth to the best of my current knowledge. My statement has been read over to me in Hindi, and I acknowledge it is correct.

(Signed)
Gopal Kara
Witness

Recorded by me,
(Signed)
Investigating Officer
Lucknow Police Station
25-06-2026