STATEMENT OF WITNESS UNDER SECTION 161 CrPC / 175 BNS

I, Manthan Chhabra, son of Late Shri Harish Chhabra, aged 68 years, resident of 88, Desai Chowk, Darbhanga, do hereby state on solemn affirmation as follows:

On the night of 22nd October 2024, I was returning from the market near the private bank branch in the city. It was roughly 10:45 PM, perhaps a little earlier, when I noticed a silver motorcycle parked haphazardly near the entrance of the bank’s side lane. I am not entirely certain about the exact plate number, but I remember seeing the digits 1344 at the end of the registration board. The bike looked like a Honda model.

While I was walking past, I observed two men standing in the shadows near the automated teller vestibule. They appeared to be engaged in an intense, hushed conversation. One of the men was tall and wore a dark jacket. I heard him being addressed as 'Warjas' by the other person. I cannot be 100% sure, but he seemed quite agitated, constantly looking at his phone, which had a bright screen reflecting on his face. I believe he was wearing a cap, though the street lighting was poor.

The second man was shorter and was definitely the one who had arrived on the silver motorcycle. He seemed to be waiting for the first man to finish something on his device. I remember thinking it was strange to see employees or visitors there at such an hour, as the bank branch should have been closed long ago. I think I saw a blue hatchback, possibly a Hyundai, parked a little distance away near the corner, but my vision is not what it used to be and I could be mistaken about the make of that car.

I did not stop to talk to them because they looked like they did not want to be disturbed. I continued walking toward my home. I am not certain if they noticed me, but I felt uncomfortable, so I quickened my pace. I read in the news later about the bank incident, and while the time of the event reported in the papers mentions 10:28 PM, I distinctly remember glancing at my wristwatch as I passed the ATM and it showed closer to a quarter to eleven. I am providing this statement voluntarily and what I have stated above is true to the best of my memory and recollection.

(Signature/Thumb Impression)
Witness: Manthan Chhabra

Recorded by me,

(Signature)
Investigating Officer
Mumbai Police Cyber Cell