STATEMENT OF WITNESS U/S 161 CrPC / BNS

I, Eesha Soman, daughter of late Shri H. Soman, aged about 53 years, resident of 96/38, Muni Ganj, Dindigul, presently staying at the upscale residential society in Jaipur, do hereby state and declare on solemn affirmation as follows:

On 29th May 2026, I was returning from my morning walk near the clubhouse area. It must have been around 12:40 PM or perhaps a little earlier, maybe 12:35 PM, when I noticed a white motorcycle parked near the rear gate. I am not entirely certain about the exact model, but it looked like a Royal Enfield. The number plate was muddy, but I recall seeing the last four digits clearly as 8890, though I cannot be 100% sure about the letters preceding it.

While walking past the garden patch, I observed a man standing near the victim’s residence—the man known to some of the residents as "Jagat." I have seen him once or twice before in the society premises, usually loitering near the visitor parking. He appeared to be agitated and was pacing back and forth while holding a mobile phone. He looked towards the gate repeatedly as if waiting for someone. I cannot say for certain, but he seemed to be wearing a dark jacket despite the heat. 

Moments later, I think I saw another individual, a woman, walking briskly toward the exit. I did not get a clear look at her face as she had a scarf wrapped around her head, but she seemed to be carrying a leather folder or a large envelope. I am not entirely certain if she was associated with the man I identified as Jagat, as they did not interact while I was in sight, but the timing felt suspicious. 

Shortly after I reached my apartment, I heard a loud thud, but I dismissed it, thinking it was construction noise from the new block. I am not a witness to the actual crime, but the atmosphere near the residence was undeniably tense. When I saw the police arrive later, I realized something serious must have occurred. I am providing this information to the best of my recollection, though I am struggling with the exact sequence of the events given the distress I felt upon hearing of the tragedy later that evening. I have not been coerced or threatened by anyone to give this statement.

Read over and explained to the witness in Hindi/English, who acknowledged the same to be true and correct.

(Signature of Witness)
Eesha Soman

Recorded by:
(Signature of IO)
Inspector Vikram Singh
Jaipur Police Station
Date: 30-05-2026